Add deprecation notice in README (#248)
ansible-collections/cisco.asa: README.md

# CISCO ASA Ansible Collection

[![CI](https://github.com/ansible-collections/cisco.asa/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg?branch=main&event=schedule)](https://github.com/ansible-collections/cisco.asa/actions/workflows/tests.yml)

> ⚠️ **The cisco.asa collection has been [deprecated](https://forum.ansible.com/t/the-bullhorn-123/PLACEHOLDER) and will reach it's end-of-life on December, 2026. We are no longer accepting new pull requests, except for ones that fix critical bugs or security vulnerabilities. Compatibility with ansible-core>2.17 is not guaranteed.**

Reviewer: @KB-perByte Bullhorn 165 is out now!

Although I'm not sure if it's better to link to https://forum.ansible.com/t/38961 or directly to https://forum.ansible.com/t/38939 :shrug: 

@gundalow Do you have an opinion on this? Or do you think it doesn't really matter?

Reviewer 2: Link to the specific forum post https://forum.ansible.com/t/deprecation-announcement-for-the-cisco-asa-ansible-collection/38939 so then people have got a place to discuss

Reviewer: Looks better to me, too :-)

> ⚠️ **The cisco.asa collection has been [deprecated](https://forum.ansible.com/t/the-bullhorn-123/PLACEHOLDER) and will reach it's end-of-life on December, 2026. We are no longer accepting new pull requests, except for ones that fix critical bugs or security vulnerabilities. Compatibility with ansible-core>2.17 is not guaranteed.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ **The cisco.asa collection has been [deprecated](https://forum.ansible.com/t/38939) and will reach it's end-of-life on December, 2026. We are no longer accepting new pull requests, except for ones that fix critical bugs or security vulnerabilities. Compatibility with ansible-core>2.17 is not guaranteed.**
```
